[user-authn] Add DexProviderCheck (#20319)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/150-user-authn/docs/USAGE.md

## Configuring a provider

### Checking provider connectivity

> The Console provider details page has a **Check connection** action. It creates a [DexProviderCheck](cr.html#dexprovidercheck) resource and waits for the hook to write the result to its status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web UI  provider details page has a **Check connection** action. It creates a [DexProviderCheck](cr.html#dexprovidercheck) resource and waits for the hook to write the result to its status.
```
